Okay, we're back to show you the final procedure
for the Queso Dip and we've got a container's
worth. It was one block of extra melt and
we used 2 parts of half and half cream and
1 part of heavy whipping cream. We melted
this down in the microwave on high power.
It took a total of about 8 to 9 minutes and
periodically we would pull out the container
and stir with a rubber spatula just to mix
all that nice cream and cheese together. Earlier
on we had poured off some of the cream, the
residual cream that was left over but we ended
up pouring that back in and just slowly folding
it. So this is the consistency that we want
and it is a nice color as well. Here are our
vegetables which have just been sitting and
cooling at room temperature so we are going
to go ahead and fold these in and I wasn't
sure if I was going to use all of them. So
I am just going to spatula off half and fold
those in and I'm thinking we are probably
going to use the whole batch to be honest
with you. Again, the recipe and the ratios
for this run a gamut but this is just a real
good starter recipe so that you can see what
kind of feel you are going for and you really
get to see what kind of a difference the fresh
vegetables make and again at the very end,
we folded in some fresh cilantro and we seasoned
those vegetables with chili powder as well
as a pinto bean seasoning which was mostly
Camino with some other seasonings in there
as well. So this is the finished deal and
this is about the color that I want and the
consistency that I want so that as you dip
into it, you get a nice flavor and you get
a nice sample of all the vegetables that we've
gone through the trouble of throwing in there
so it's nice and chunky. This will hold in
the refrigerator in between servings and you
can just heat it up as you need it and that's
our finished Queso there. You can put that
in a serving bowl for your guests or keep
it in a crock pot at very, very low heat and
that way they can serve and eat along with
it. So that's the finished queso.